W-wong fu!
Uhh yeah Philip-
Oh my gosh!
Nice to meet you can I take a picture?
Of course yeah yeah come on in
Excuse me
This is so cool man
Are you still making videos back in the day?
Awe Thanks man.
Back in the day!
Haha ha,
Yeah....
Do you......
Do you still make videos?
Ya, we just released one yesterday.
Do you want to get in all this?
No, it's okay
all right
W-wong fu!
Nice meeting you man, Thank you
owe thanks aaa, Phil? Ya
oh ya, Thanks
Cool
You do want a photo?
W-wong fu! Never
You sure want me to seeing the moment like the breakups? Like a guy a girl then the
I feel like this should be bigger
It's already pretty big
This feels familiar
Guys!
We're old I have had this here since I was 14
leave me alone Phil what's wrong we just
celebrate our 10-year anniversary I
think it's time we did something new to
keep ourselves fresh for the fans
makes sense I know right thing about
every artist has to reinvent themselves
after a few years Christina went dirty,
Justin went sexy, Brittany went crazy, Bieber
hit puberty, Madonna, Janet they all had
to do it. Chris Brown's starting hitting
girls I don't want to hit girls
no but
even movies have reboots origin stories
those are in how about we introduce a
new member of Wungfu productions
yes
that's a great idea or an old member
I think it's time to call Greg (gasps!)
Wow
himself I'm sure he's still missing us
Nice door!
Alright so, we're just going to tell
him how awesome it is to be part of
wongfu and I'm sure he'll come
running back hey (discordant piano chord)
Heyyyy!~
Heyy!~  What's u--
What the heck man?
Hey Guys!
it bring it to the scene wow wow come on
in thanks so when I heard you guys
wanted to meet up I couldn't believe
what I was hearing it's been like what
how long no over a decade wow how you
guys been you've been great we just a
labret a 10 year anniversary
congratulations that's incredible so uh
what's up well well we were thinking we
know you kind of have your own thing
going on here but we were wondering if
you'd be interested in rejoining long
food productions oh well we just thought
what I mean basically you know we're
trying to you know rebrand and give the
fans something new and fresh just
reinventing ourselves yeah right and
nobody knows that you know you were part
of Wong foo in the beginning that was
only for a few months well yeah but
you're so part of Wong foo let's make
the magic happen again yes I really
appreciate this but it's been a really
long time and I had to move on well so
do you Greg look I don't see home now
Lee home I know we had kind of a
difficult parting of ways but let's put
that in the past and come on back to
Wong foo walk with me guys you know back
then things were different we were just
kids singing for me was just for fun
but after you guys kicked me out of the
group because I wanted to sing for real
in that lip sync yo chilis try to make
it that man well it looks like you're
doing really well are these originals
what happened to you Greg it's Lee home
now look guys I mean one thing just led
to another and i went with it and now
I'm committed I'm committed to all of
this to this name to this to this life
and it's good life yeah well you could
have a good life with wongfuproductions
too yeah there's tons of perks with this
job yeah we have a great cell phone
family plan you can't most a minute
unlimited texting to UM as many nice guy
teachers as you want you're here take
this one you give it given you you know
I keep your shit I can't wear it anyway
because I responsive bike coach aqua
animals too I can have these no no well
maybe just pick one favorite we carpool
wouldn't convenient think about all the
money you could save on gas and you know
we make a lot of videos for YouTube so
if you ever wanted to act you know we
could put you in those actually that's
why I'm in LA right now I'm making a
movie directed by Michael man well um
you know on Wednesdays it's company
lunch today and we totally paid for it
your sandwich sir enjoy helicopters
outside I'll make them wait but already
here they can hover sorry bunk devil
what will we say you like to perform
right at our shows we get hundreds of
fans to come hundreds
cool we're totally not convincing you
huh I'm sorry guys ok well there's any
other situation I would be totally down
but there's too much behind this whole
thing right now Tony people's
livelihoods are dependent on I can't let
them down we could join you what do you
mean like a boy band or something yeah
no but think how fun it would be you
could sing and dance and rap and we we
could stand behind you well even if we
did that when the members always end up
going solo anyway so for me that would
be like going backwards it's good point
he's smart too yeah I'm sorry guys I
mean if this were a year or two ago
maybe but now's a bad time I just can't
how those remember you guess you always
be part of 14 productions even if no one
knows goodbye the home it's great
sir manager is on the move on hello be
home console Gong Kyle away I'm juni is
our Jane Doe haha Tammy I shall do you
want more ships I'll lose shipping I
know just to the call look man for the
last time I do not want to be a part of
your boy band okay leave me alone I've
had this here since I was 14 make the
comment stop you just pink pick one my
favorite just pick we did not you one
good one congratulations
Oh